okay hello and welcome to the genocide
EFS core dev team weekly meeting on May
21st 2018
I didn't say this last time but can we
have a volunteer note-taker for this
week's meeting please raise your hand
yeah wicked Thank You Jacob cool please
add your name to the attendees list on
the hackpad I'll just paste that linking
into the chat in case you've got it
we'll guess that's it after everybody's
added weekly update
you
cool okay so a round of updates hello
everyone I'm speaking already so I'm
gonna go first
yesterday yesterday week I spent a lot
of my time fixing up tests trying to
figure out where the flakiness is and
fix that found some kind of bugs that
were really hard to find but when I
found them it became quite obvious that
why why there were two flaky tests
things like callbacks not being called
back really hard to track down and
things like intervals being like firing
callbacks multiple times because the
interval wasn't cleared so that's that's
all good fun
so I'm still working on getting the 0:29
release out the door I was working on
those tests fix the maps what else I did
do a couple of reviews for so I reviewed
something first course on the which is
just documenting API path was originally
to fix up someone's someone's had opened
an issue about they they were proxying
to the ipfs api and they wanted to know
how they could how they could actually
create an api instance when the path for
the api was on slash ipfs and apparently
there is this undocumented property that
you can pass to ipfs api which is called
api path and which would have allowed
him to do it really easily if it was
documented but it wasn't documented so
anyway we found out and documented that
and that's all good and so Lydell
submitted a fix for URL escape paths
when adding from URL and i've already
looked at that a while ago I was just
waiting for flaky tests to be done
before I could rebase and hopefully
they'll go in I'm hoping to release that
pretty soon so then what else
yeah I'm currently blocked on just I
need an update of ipfs API in the IP FST
controller module and then I'm hopefully
be clear to release 0:29 if all the
tests and go through and then it's on to
my next thing on my list this kind of
high priority to look at no.10 stuff if
it's ready and then hopefully release of
patch release for 0:29 to to fix no 10
and then it's on to more reviews and
releases and things like that that's
basically me I think for the last week
now and next week cool does anyone have
any questions
okay rad next person on the list is
Jacob yeah so I spent all of last week
looking at the note 10 issues that is
I'm running some final tests today with
all of the fix Alan that you added it's
looking good
the biggest pain point is ipfs being a
dependency of all of its or a lot of its
dependence making testing difficult so
I've got that going now I think one
outstanding issue I have is the
experimental warnings for FS promises
that needs to get fixed because it's
breaking the exec in node 10:1 so 10 I
think is fine but 10 ones a problem so
I'm looking at that and then provided
the tests pass of my latest build and
they're looking good pub/sub was the
last problem that looks like that got
fixed in one of the recent PRS so
hopefully that should be good to go in
the next day or so
so and then once that's done I'll go
back to the prime minute
perfect thank you
who asks Oh vodka are you around this
rocker here okay it's not here
so what does he say he has been digging
into bits he is not blocked and then
next is created graph sync prototype let
me just double check that no one is
waiting to be entered into the thing no
okay cool so that's next on the list we
have got Zayn cool so this week sort of
picking back where I left off like a
couple weeks ago which is just like
working on the getting pull-string
centigrade into like ipfs pretty close
on the PR just need to patch it up and
make sure that all of the ipfs like
files and file handling is handled
properly within the dag update change
just and so once I make sure that the
those are compatible with the breaking
changes in IPL deep then it should be
full circle all submitted PR for that
and then probably reevaluate IPL DC Boer
pull requests I had which was to make
sure that the auctions like
like choosing road hash algorithm for
the multi Heche is like able to be like
completed so I have a PR out for that
but I just need to follow up and see
like if the rest of the format changes
like work out or have like landed since
then so I've got a little bit of
catching up to do
that's it great thank you
where are we to me tree last week was
mostly through NPR's
and beginning to some issues with
diversity CTL evaluating some of the nap
implementations available for now the
whole bunch and specifically there's a
lot honestly and starting the
implementation of the live to be map we
saw one of those in available
implementations work and please extend
in one of those for TCP they all support
DDP mostly no tcp no punching and doing
some performances on the public stuff
there's a PR if you guys have time
please take a look
leave your comments next week is going
to be more heavily with the peanut oil
start implementation and
cool thank you so next we have Vasco who
is not here he's told me that he is at
the Lisbon Hat week and he's in a
meeting of sorts so I'm just gonna read
out what he's put here so service worker
a gateway okay our he's working on the
cobbled service worker gateway repo into
several verticals display files of
several types on service working getting
away okay
and then he's working on issues always
done sorry issue five eight one I
profess behind a proxy yes that's that
was the thing that I was talking about
with the api path documentation I think
what else they blocked not blocked on
anything he is at the Lisbon hack wake
he's working on the service where he
gateway okay ah and he wants to divide
into modules several modules refactor
and half those much was released her a
releasing have first version deployed to
Jess that ipfs cool okay
rad that's fast go and we've got right
okay so do is also in a meeting and
Contra tend cool so done finding a way
to prove how we handle errors in Jess
IVFs yes I'd also like to have a look at
that too so I will endeavour to have a
look at that issue this week working
progress the pr2 a remove boot from
constructor and stop using event
emitters okay that's work in progress
blocked it's not applicable
he is also lisbon hacking
yeah hacks and add pub sub to the file
exchange example okay cool so then
that's last year ago
next up is MK ge ge so I have been
working on the lipid appear and the
Roger I fixed some things about the RPC
because it was only registering to the
only peer to first peer it had
discovered that had to run was for the
code enables but victor is also working
on that so he told me that he is going
to work that and yeah now I probably
will just wait until he's finished with
my before doing something about my PR
and I do not have anything planned for
next week so I'm open for suggestions
all right okay you want to be given
something is that right
yes cool okay
I'm not just that you're you're going
all day okay cool we can I guess the
waffle board is probably the best place
to them for that sort of stuff
maybe I can and maybe David can help
point you in the most priority direction
cool
yeah and we're just looking what's
important see if I can't find anything
yeah that would be aces cool next up is
aching Alex
hello I am also the Lisbon hack week is
going on behind me I didn't see that
earlier last week I was working on em FS
still so I've got it all integrated with
J so FS was quite cool started running
the interface tests against it and most
of it exploded because it turns out
there's a lot of discrepancies between
go and jeaious when it comes to first
implementation the most fun one I found
was that if you ipfs add an empty file
you get different hashes for going for
jeaious which was a lot of fun so yeah
it's great
step one so I submitted a PR that should
fix that and I'm kind of just going
through and making sure that these
things in it the same hashes because
although the tests depend on the hashes
and it sends out a lot of tests for
other interesting stuff like getting
back empty strings from go I think as a
side effect of having a type system and
another kind of boring stuff yeah so I'm
going to be that I think just gonna be
like a long-term ongoing project just
making sure it was in timeline yeah whoo
so I am also going through the ducts now
for the files API because we've got a
lot of crazy stuff like passing the Rays
in as arguments like a raise the file
I feel like source and destination pars
and instead of like two discrete
arguments and and that kind of starts at
you're trying to make the API a little
bit better you know get a better
developer experience out of it and yeah
hopefully cool thank you awesome to see
progress being made there and I saw the
pull request starting to come in say
cool will we'll get to them
sorry question yeah for Alex I would
love to talk with you after this meeting
maybe in slack or something or I can hop
on IRC about how you're testing those
things I'm running into a lot of similar
things just not even just even last week
finally figuring out really how to test
and go and then in Jas that doesn't seem
to be written down anywhere so if I if
we could talk and
maybe get something going from that sure
I'd love to know how you did it as well
because I just end up hacking the source
code like I think it should just be a
like a environmental variable that you
can you say that there was one we took
it out because it turns out Jade the JSI
PFS API repo users go and runs the
interface tests j/s ipfs uses Java
Script and runs the interface tests plus
a bunch of extra tests that they each
have in themselves that's correct
so we can talk
yeah the the tests are extensive and
sometimes tricky to understand just
getting to this point of understanding I
think is a big deal and I think it'll
help us see a way for
nice okay and any other questions well
should we move
- I think this guy you your next anyway
okay well in my trying to get the bits
law stuff for JavaScript up to the ghost
spec I discovered a couple minor things
in the testing of I think it was IPS CTL
submitted poor requests for those I've
got some really good feedback those are
either awaiting review or awaiting
release and others outside of that I'm
I've got my mmm three up to two or three
different feature additions into the ASI
PFS for but swap stuff I'm working on a
ledger for peer which have a pull
request into bits well for that and at
this point seeing what I'm seeing about
all the tests and stuff I've got an open
question in a comet in core about how to
approach this between juggling the three
three repos kind of developing a script
and once we're a little happy with that
I'm just gonna take all of these and
make them one because they're not
there's not a lot going on there it's
really just adding a surface area to JSI
PFS and that way I don't have to juggle
all these PR as well we get things
closer to how we want to release between
the core API and JSF BFS
okay cool thank you sir next we have
someone called named dragon questions
cool okay so what have we got so Jenkins
started using yarn over NPM in November
2017 is there a reason for the switch I
couldn't find a clear one as we are not
using packaged locks and several UJS
ipfs dependencies also use it as a dev
dependency it's causing a lot of issues
locking down versions which is
aggravated by using different package
management yeah I don't know why yan is
used in Jenkins I know that it so I was
talking today with Ollie Ollie Silla and
he I think Dimitri has a thing oh yeah
that would be good you go sorry so the
the reason we're using yarn is because
it's got better parallelism and so it
wasn't breaking as much when you were
running multiple instances both that you
don't at the same time because right now
our Jake
beep thankful runner that's another
matter yeah so so yeah that was the
reason I think when yard had package
looking and when we started implementing
the Jenkins stuff Victor would be able
to to tell everyone about this this here
was one that did work but this is what I
understand from my conversations with
him and I had with MV I'm getting even
half package looking but then it was
looted but that was the main reason
source understands yes I think you cut
out just in the middle of the most
important part there oh sorry
can you guys give me steel yeah okay
so yeah so yarn was used there use
because of the parallelism because we
were we don't have the Jenkins runners
isolated they run on the same box that I
can potentially be running congrats it
several runners that it that's it so so
yeah yarn has better parallelism it
doesn't mess up when you run to yarn
insults at the same time as Austin smpm
does I guess it it might have improve
now and we also have NPM package slots
now which I don't think we had at the
time we started looking at this so it
might be might be something to look into
and maybe we can't stand our eyes on one
because I think most people are using
NPM perhaps and I also look into the
package locking features that NPM Oh
first right now so but that's what I'm
ok how if we started this is the next
question but have we started adding the
package locks back in because I know we
were freezing on that in the past with
keeping those out which two am i adding
those know and I think so I would like
to use package looks a instead but one
of Victor suggestions right now is just
said the version don't give us any flags
just use a specific version for in all
our package Chasen's because we have
been running into some issues with
surgeon the I'm missing the word what's
the word for the version spike anyways
the we've been running into some issues
and the reason we have not yet stay on
the rice and using package long since
because we have different locking
mechanisms for different package manager
managers so they're not compatible so if
people are using yarn they we can just
assume that they will be picking up the
package slug for MDM and vice versa so
that was a good point that he brought up
I I was I was looking into just stay in
the rice and I'm just going for the
package locks but yeah I mean we have
different package manager so there's
probably more coming and they
essentially all injuries was their own
locking mechanism so so what standing
around from that okay yeah that the
biggest concern there I think was that
you talked about like getting the
actually getting the package locks to
specific versions because this is one of
the things that came up with the node 10
is when we have GS ipfs pulling in the
daemon controller and then the daemon
controller actually uses IP FS as a dev
dependency and that we run into problems
where now it's installing two different
versions of FS extra and so when the
daemon controller runs it's actually
running the old version which has
promise problems or its using the old
version of leveled down which doesn't
compile with ten so I'm just look at
locking that down then okay yeah that is
[Music]
but let's Turkey what you guys think
about package looking at how to approach
that is that sound solution I think I
thought about it a little bit but and I
think that may be set in the version to
a specific version is actually a good
thing but open to to hearing arguments
yes I've had some experience with
setting them to this to a specific
version and whilst it kind of works on
that it's only on that level that it
will happen because dependencies of the
thing you're depending on will still
have you know that the version ranges
and so you'll still get dependencies
that are deeper in the tree then your
kind of direct dependencies that that
have different versions and they'll keep
changing so in my experience you you
kind of if you want to lock down your
versions you kind of need a lock file or
a shrink wrap to do it yeah that's my
experience all right I also think we've
got all these or so many little modules
and then we have to you know release
like we have to update the package for
facing in all of them when they wanna
bomb what the libraries changes this
version as well just comes a massive
over there like I think we should go for
our stuff at least we should just
release version one of everything and
use carries
yeah and I think it probably needs a bit
more Morton discussion I don't know all
the details behind the package locks and
why they're there out and and and the
the current version numbers of of
everything and why they're lessons
they're less than one sorry so yeah go
on Dimitri
yeah I agree with Alex there is
considerable overhead now we'll take
care of versus the till there and that
beam angles on each update of
dependencies if we can do something
about it like maybe Linda or there's a
wave setting those conventions on to
package package manager level and
avoiding it changing that that's one
solution another one is like Alan
suggested which is just one thing
versions one I'm going from there and
not using the zero versions of the
history yes all right David yes why we
don't have version one of anything and
he said there basically is because we
weren't feature complete it sounds like
some arbitrary line in the sand that
we're never gonna cross because the go
team is so much far ahead of the Juris
team they're gonna still be adding
features and there's a there's a web
page somewhere that has a list of all
the outstanding things that haven't been
implemented yet and now this is just
going to grow forever and we're probably
never gonna you know catch up or a
reason not in a reasonable timeframe so
we should just just abandon this idea
and just just release version
Demitri different also we kind of have
different goals with the go-go
implementation so at some point they
might in some instances they might
actually diverge really pretty radically
because of the requirements of the
project's ashes are the same
yeah that's pretty important
the other suggestion with the package
looking is by the bullet and have the to
the package looks for the two most
popular things managers out there right
now which is your honor and if you wait
that might be the easiest so the package
locks are for us rather than for people
who are depending on that they didn't
make any difference to people who are
installing ipfs if we want if we have to
package locks than we are it's just
going to get really confusing
I'd rather switch ci to using NPM and
just have everyone use NPM
I think if we're gonna be chicken in
those Blanc stand well I mean there
might not be released but if you are
trying to do some development or running
luckily then you'll our students are in
those files but yeah we're not probably
gonna be obviously releasing those but
there's still gonna be some amount of
our users that are gonna be running
until you just related to them even
though they're probably trying to hack
on the code or something but it's it's
gonna be there and we're gonna run it to
those searches so yeah I mean we can
stand her ass and we can just tell
everybody to use MDM or be careful and
mindful of thanks a lot and have any any
better solution
yeah okay uh uh I'm curious like when it
comes to your like using like yarn for
your build do you find that yard just
actually compiles faster because you're
using the yarn cash versus like NPM
because don't think the latest version
of NPM still like has a cash unless
you're installing globally
a Demetria meated
I think it does have a nice I can I'm
sorry this has anyone looked yeah I
think it does that I've seen it then
there was no the only place I'm just
behind the times there were losing
versions I did a fair work and no
previous contract comparing MPM and yarn
and found that like if you're using NPM
five and you're on speed advantages kind
of evaporate due to the cacti once the
cache is warm this is very little
difference between cool that makes sense
okay so is it best that we maybe move
this offline and create an issue for for
doing for swapping to using one or you
know having both locks like I said I'm
sort of against having to log files sort
of reference that the drawbridge for
sure just supporting every log file for
every package manager but we can all I
don't know maybe weigh in and come to a
decision does that sound okay
cool okay did we have any other
questions let me have a quick click
using you on that yeah yeah yeah
transfer using package locks yeah
not using package oh okay and that's it
for the questions unless there are
questions that are currently coming in
[Music]
any any other agenda items by for anyone
else before we end the cool
okay it's been it's been very nice to
speak with you all again and hopefully
I'll see you in another week for an
exciting dev team weekly go t bye